Neat way for handling null bytes in C! Your Lexer and regexes used are fine. However, there is still room for improvement by separating your error handling routines from the lexer specification files. To do this you can have a new type of token (e.g., Invalid token) that gets returned by the scanner and your main C code can take control of the error handling. The code's readability and modularity can be a bit improved. Here is a couple of suggestions: 
- incWarningsAndCheckToExit can be changed to a function instead of using define to create it.
- You should refrain from using global variables as much as possible and if need to use them you can move their definition into the header files instead of defining them on the top of the lexer specification file. 
- In general, it's best practice not to push files that can be easily and automatically generated to git. For example, the scanner.c file.
- In the main.c file the yylex loop contains one big switch statement with many identical lines of code (This is usually a good indication that some parts of it can be a separate function). For example, you can use a function that casts the token type to string. Then most of the switch cases can be merged into one block.  
- You can use %option nounput and %option noinput to tell Flex not to write the two functions you are getting an unused warning for. Alternatively, If there are functions in the code that you don't want to use and don't want the compiler to give you a warning about them you can cast them to void (make dummy use of the function)
